Refund and Credits Guide 2.0
We do refunds and credits for customers every day as agents and leads. There are many different scenarios that you will come across
that need to be handled differently, depending on the situation. This guide will go over the different types of refunds you will do, how to
handle each one, and best practices on what to do and what not to do.

Created by Alexandra Schmidt & Michelle Radowich

© For Credits and Refunds, US/PH/DR agents all have a limit of $50. Agents may now process the refunds and add the credits
EVEN IF IT IS OVER THEIR LIMIT, as long as they have approval from a Lead or Supervisor.

Please be sure to make sure that you add in your Freshdesk notes that you obtained approval from a Lead or Supervisor or add

EXCEPTION: Agents can refund passes Pre-Arrival no matter what the amount. (Unless it’s a Season Pass or the pass has
cancellation restrictions)

When escalating any pass to the POC, Seller or NYC team for Refund Approval, please be sure to make sure you provide all

the relevant information (Pass links, Location Admin links, any screenshots of receipts/charges, and a clear description of
what happened and why we are asking for approval to refund the pass.)

If there has been no response from the POC, Seller or NYC team after your original email plus 2 follow-up emails, please
escalate to the Vortex and ask a Lead for next steps.

@ Please be sure to ALWAYS confirm the name of the person you are speaking with and make sure that it matches the name on
the pass. If the customer calling is NOT the account holder, we need to let them know we do need the account holder’s

permission before we can process any refund or credit to their account, so they may need to call back.

Li) Remember, we do NOT price match when helping a customer to rebook. We do not give credit on top of a refund, unless the
customer has had two or more Oversolds in the same day. If they have, then you may offer $5-$10 in credit for the frustration
and inconvenience.

Remember that we should never offer the customer credit in circumstances like this. Let them ask for credit first.

© As of 09/11/24, we are no longer asking customers to provide proof of alternate parking in order to refund their parking pass.
If they offer to send in a copy of their receipt or screenshot of their charge, that is fine.
While we can now refund parking passes for immediate refund needs, please be sure to do your due diligence and check the

location to see if there are other passes cancelled for the same reason, if a customer has rebooked a new pass or try calling
the location to confirm.
If a customer is requesting a refund for any reason over the phone, do your best to handle the case and refund if you are able

to or get approval to refund if it is over your limit. Please be sure to direct them to https://go.parkwhiz.com/refund for all future
refunds. If the customer has already filled out the form, please find the form and merge the tickets, then handle it right away.

There are a few exceptions to the refund policy and these passes fall under the Non-Refundable status:
- Passes with AXS as the MOR are Non-Refundable per AXS TOS

- Passes with SeatGeek as the MOR are Non-Refundable

- Passes bought on Stubhub are Non-Refundable per Stubhub’s TOS. (Usually these are reseller passes)

- Reseller passes are non-refundable even with proof (as of 09/23/24) The only exceptions are Seller Cancellations and Event
Cancellations. We can refund reseller passes if a seller reaches out and requests it and/or if the event is cancelled.
o Reroute to a different location because the original cannot accommodate will also be considered a Seller Cancellation.

- Some sellers/locations have Special Refund Handling procedures (Such as Diamond Parking and locations that require approval by
the NYC team) so be sure to double-check the location’s Admin page or reach out to the Lead on Duty if you get an error (red refund

restriction) when trying to refund a pass in Admin (Special Refund Handling will be discussed later in this guide)

© We do NOT give a customera credit in lieu of a refund for any reason. If a customer is insisting, please reach out to the Lead
on Duty for assistance as we may be able to make an exception depending on the situation.

© Refunds and Credits cannot be given if ithas been more than 14 days from the end date of the parking pass. Please reach out
to the Lead on Duty if the customer has an issue with this and the Lead can escalate to Management for approval to do a One
Time Courtesy credit or tolerance refund.

EXCEPTION: Duplicate passes can be refunded even if its been more than 14 days from the end date of the parking pass.

(Follow any Special Handling Instructions for the location)

© We are NOT able to refund any payment the customer made on-site since we can NOT refund money that was not paid to
Parkwhiz. You can give the customer the phone number of the location and they would have to discuss that with them or

reach out to a Lead for help if the customer is insistent.

© For passes where a customer has used a promo code and we need to issue a one time courtesy (OTC) credit, you can credit
the full base price since most promo codes can only be used once. If you aren’t sure how much credit to give, ask a lead in the
Vortex.

Pre-Arrival
Pre-arrival means before the start time, and they can be canceled up to one minute before the pass starts. Customers are able to
cancel pre-arrival on their end through the App or Website, or they can call, email, or text us for help as well.

A Ifa pre-arrival request is backlogged and not worked on until post-start—CX late to process—the pass should be tolerance
refunded. Do not use pre-arrival/other.
- This includes proof such as screenshots of an error that a customer might send.

- This also includes partner passes where ParkWhiz is not the MOR.

- For multi-day passes - issue tolerance refund in Admin, and manually debit the seller for the succeeding UNUSED DAYS FROM
THE TIME THE BOOKING WAS REFUNDED.
o For example, if we were able to get to the request on the 3rd day from a 5-day booking, manually debit the seller starting day 3

to 5. (Add to the partial refund sheet w/seller debit)
In general, parking passes can be canceled pre-arrival; HOWEVER, it’s still a good habit to check the admin notes before doing that, as

there are some exceptions. Agent and Lead refund limits DO NOT apply to Pre-arrival cancellations.

@ EXCEPTION: Reseller Passes (Marked as Non-Refundable in Admin) CANNOT be cancelled/refunded as Pre-Arrival
PLEASE NOTE: This seller has a FIRM NO REFUND POLICY and thus we should not process any refunds (their policy is stated in the Location Description and Parking Disclaimers fields). This

applies to refund requests that are made after the cancellation cutoff (midnight day-of-event) / before arrival - and after arrival (post parking start time).
That said, please submit all refund requests to Brandon Flynn (bflynn@tampasportsauthority.com) and Ashley Greenfeld (agreenfeld@tampasportsauthority.com) so that TSA may take care of these
customers in other ways.

Example of Admin note barring certain refunds

Limited Cancellation: Cancel this booking for free up to 10 hours before start time

Contact Us

888-472-7594

Example of cancellation policy verbiage on parking pass

Oversold
Oversold means that the location is full and that they cannot accommodate any more cars because they have no more space. We can

refund oversolds without requiring customers to provide proof of parking somewhere else. But we should still do our due diligence and
try our best to verify first with the following steps:

- Try to call the location to verify if they are full. (If the location says that they were not full, we would not refund. Try to offer OTC credit
if applicate or reach out to the lead on duty for help)
« Check if the customer has rebooked a new pass.
- Check if there have been other passes cancelled at the location for the same reason on the same date.

If you have checked all these, then you can go ahead and refund the parking pass as Oversold if it is under $50. If over $50, reach out
for approval to refund in the Vortex. Please let us know if you called and were able to speak with an attendant to confirm the location was
full.

Li) Remember, we do NOT price match when helping a customer to rebook. We do not give credit on top of a refund, unless the
customer has had two or more Oversolds in the same day. If they have, then you may offer $5-$10 in credit for the frustration
and inconvenience.

Remember that we should never be offering customers credit in circumstances like this. Let the customer ask for credit.

Did the customer already rebook?

If so, and the new pass covers a similar timeframe, we can use this as proof and refund the ORIGINAL parking pass.

Thu, Mar 21,

723076875

2024
7.
723073581

Matthew

ParkRight - 738 Greenwich Village

Killen

Garage

Matthew
Killen

_
LAZ Parking
Parking - 29294 Hudson St. Lot

ParkRight

Transient

$21.20

$21.20

Booking

9:00am to 7:00pm EDT on Thu, Mar 21.

2024

LAZ Parking
(NY/N))

Example of an acceptable rebook for an issue

Are there similar reports?

Check the location in Admin to see if any other passes have been canceled by other agents or leads on the same date as the

customer’s pass as Oversold.

Saturday, March 16

12 bookings

ID

Customer

» Parking Time

Vehicle License

Vehicle Size

Oversize Fee

722651908

Vannessa Rosenberg

722663575

Lauren Bergida

Mar 16 at 7:00pm to Mar 17, 2024 at 12:00am EDT

Oversize

$15.00

Mar 16 at 7:00pm to Mar 17, 2024 at 12:00am EDT

Standard

722652595
722652172

Lauren Bergida

Mar 16 at 7:00pm to Mar 17, 2024 at 12:00am EDT

Standard

/users/24614064

Mar 16 at 6:00pm to Mar 17, 2024 at 12:00am EDT

722644267

Raya Cottrell

722573910

SP+ Parking.com

Mar 16 at 4:30pm to Mar 17, 2024 at 12:00am EDT

Z60SVD

Standard

722610520

Menggiong Song

Mar 16 at 3:00pm to Mar 17, 2024 at 12:00am EDT

BD33223

Standard

722590848

Messalina Morley

2

202

2

EL

722597839

Hillary Short

2

7, 202

2

EDT

722606296

Leodyne

7, 202

2

722595180

Marie capasso

2

7, 202

2

ED

722599134

Junyuan Zhang

2

202

2

EL

17,.2024at12:;000amEDT

Standard

=

-

—

Standare

DT
standa

Highlighted passes have been invalidated for some reason - you will still need to click through to confirm the reason, before
assuming these are similar reports

«

vutner opuons Tor aocumentaton

Customers can send photo proof of the issue on-site, such as a full sign up or cones blocking the entrance, if they want to. If they
do, we should still check that the photo matches the location, that there aren't alternate entrances, etc.

You can also attempt to call the location to confirm the issue. If you do this, please do it through Dialpad so that it is recorded. If the

on-site attendant or location manager confirms that they were full, you can go ahead and refund the pass if it is under $50. If over $50,
reach out for approval in the Vortex and let the lead know that you already called and confirmed the location was full.

~ Worry
full

monthly

customers
only

Photo of a full sign

No Attendant

Some locations that we work with have attendants on site to validate a customer’s pass. These are usually valet locations and the
validation method involves showing the pass to the attendant.

When an attendant should be there to take a customer’s pass but the customer says that there was no one when they arrived, there are a
few things to verify before we refund the pass.

« Double check that the customer is at the correct location via the “How To Find It” section of their pass, using the pictures provided
on the pass and even Google Maps if necessary.
- Ask the customer how long they have been waiting. Sometimes the attendant may be away helping another customer with their car or
they may be on a break. Typically, if a customer has waited more than 15-20 mins and no attendant has shown up, then this would

be eligible for a refund.
- Try calling the garage and see if you can get a hold of an attendant in case they may have stepped away for a moment. You can use

the number provided in Admin or if there isn’t one available, try Googling for one. If the Point of Contact (POC) for the location has a
phone number listed in Admin, you can also try calling them if you are unable to get hold of the location.

- See if the customer has rebooked a new pass or offer to help them find another location nearby that you can rebook them at while
on the phone with them and once they have rebooked, the original pass can be refunded.
- If unable to verify with the location and no other passes have been refunded due to there being No Attendant, then you can refund

without proof if it is under $50. If it is over $50, reach our for approval in the Vortex and let the lead know which steps you have taken
to try and verify.

Missing Amenity
Every location that we work with has different amenities that they provide for their customers. You can locate the amenities a location
offers on their Admin page under the Pricing tab, at the bottom of the customer’s parking pass, and on the website by looking up the
location’s details.

LOCATION FEATURES

tructed

Attended

Reentry

Allowed

Examples of possible Amenity icons on parking passes - Example of Re-entry Allowed.

- Shuttle Service: This is usually found at locations that offer airport parking and have shuttles that take customers to the airport and
pick them up at the airport.

- Tailgating Allowed: This means that the location allows customers to tailgate, which is to cook and/or have a small party in the
parking lot, usually during sporting events.

- Unobstructed: This means that when the customer is parked they will not have any cars parked that block them in and prevent them
from getting out.
- Attended: This means that there is an attendant on site usually to validate a customer’s parking pass.
- Handicap Accessible: This means that the location has handicap-accessible parking. We cannot guarantee customers a

handicapped spot, as they are usually first come, first serve, so it is best to give the location’s phone number for the customer to
reach out if they would like to find out more about the location’s handicapped parking.
« Indoor: This means that the location offers covered parking and protection from rain and snow.
- Printed Pass: This means that the location requires customers to have their parking pass printed out and usually displayed on their
dashboard for validation.
- Re-entry Allowed: This means that the location allows customers to leave and return multiple times on the same pass.

Customers who book multi-day passes usually are looking for this amenity.

© If a location or pass does NOT explicitly show the Re-Entry amenity and mention that Re-entry is allowed on the customer’s_
pass or in the location’s Parkwhiz Detail page, then Re-entry is NOT offered. Customers can filter locations by Re-Entry in the
Parkwhiz App on their smartphones but NOT on the website.
- Restrooms: This means there are on-site restrooms for customers to use.
- Security: This means that the location has security on-site keeping an eye on things.
- Valet: This means the location offers valet service, where they will park a customer's car for them and then bring it to them when they
return to pick it up.
+ Vehicle Charging: This means that the location offers on-site charging stations for electric vehicles, such as Teslas.
If a customer arrives at a location and they booked it specifically because it showed that it offered a particular amenity, then when
they arrive the location does not have it, then we can refund them as Amenity Missing but there are a few steps we have to follow first
which are outlined below.

Examples of this would be: if a location offers Vehicle Charging but then says they do not have charging stations for electric vehicles
or they are not working; if the customer booked at a location near an airport that offers shuttle service but they do not or their shuttle is
out of service; or if the location says it allows tailgating then refuses to let a customer tailgate.
Before issuing a refund as Amenity Missing, please do the following steps:
- Escalate the missing amenity to the Digital Solutions Implementations team via a Freshdesk Ticket to

implementations@parkwhiz.com (formerly the Merchandising Team)
« Once they have confirmed that the amenity is missing, then you may go ahead and refund the customer's pass as Amenity Missing.

(Escalate to a lead if the pass amount is over $50)
- If there has been no response from the Digital Solutions Implementations Team within 3 business days, then please escalate to the
Lead on Duty.

Poor Experience
Sometimes a customer will call in and let us know of an extremely bad experience they had at a location and they want a refund. We will

usually refund a customer's pass when they have a particularly bad experience, though some of them may takea bit of investigation
before we can issue the refund.

If an attendant is being very rude or abusive to a customer, we should escalate the situation to the location’s POC or NYC team for
further investigation. If the customer left without parking, escalate the issue to a Lead to see if the issue warrants a refund, credit, or

referral back to the location.
If a customer returns to pick up their car and finds it damaged or some of their items are missing, we want to remind the customer
that ParkWhiz is not responsible for damage or theft since we do not own or operate the garages; however, we will do all we can to
act as a mediator between the customer and the garage to help find a resolution. Agents should NOT refund for poor experience escalate to a Lead first for next steps.

If we refund the customer's pass in the case of damage or theft claims, then we would be assuming liabilty which we do not want to
do. We would want to give the customer the phone number for the location and/or emails listed in Admin that specifically pertain
to damage and theft claims. Remember, DO NOT give out the POC’s email or phone number that shows in Admin.

© The customer must file a report with the garage for the damage or theft — which is best done before they leave the lot! -— and if
they wish, they can also file a police report. We can send them an email through Freshdesk using the #damage-or-theft-claim

canned response where the customer can reply with the paperwork they have.
- Sometimes a customer tells us that they have been waiting a long time to either enter a location to park or while trying to leave.

Fifteen (15) minutes or more would usually be considered a long wait time. Sometimes it is understandable that attendants at
locations may get busy or backed up a bit, so we would want to try calling the location to see if we can find out why there may be a
long wait time. Again, we still need to document the issue and escalate to a Lead prior to proceeding.

o If

acustomer has a complaint, BUT does end up parking - we should attempt to avoid a refund depending on the situation and

perhaps offer some credit. A small credit such as $5 to $10 would be typical for most situations.

Inaccurate Hours of Operation
Since the seller of each location that we work with sets up what hours are advertised on Parkwhiz, sometimes, there is some
miscommunication and the hours don’t match up with what we have listed to what they have on-site.

When this occurs, some customers may book a pass for a time when the location isn’t open and they either can’t park or they are

forced to leave early.
When this happens, we want to apologize for the issue, ask them a few questions, and take a few additional steps before we can issue a
refund. If they couldn't park or chose not to park at the location, then you can try and help them find another place to park that can better
accommodate the hours they need.

scenario, you will want to escalate this to DSS - Seller Support via digitalsupport@parkwhiz.com and ask them to confirm with the
seller what their hours are so we can see if this information needs to be changed on our end.
BEFORE issuing a refund as Inaccurate Hours, please do the following steps:
- Ask the customer if there is any sign or documentation of the hours for the location. If yes, please ask them to send a picture to
help@parkwhiz.com or they can also send it via Chat.
- If there is no sign, please try calling the location to verify the hours that the customer told you with an attendant or manager.
- If the customer is no longer at the location, please create a ticket for DSS - Seller Support to verify the hours of the location.
- If Seller Support confirms that we have the wrong hours, then you can follow up with the customer and issue a refund of their

parking pass. (Escalate to a Lead if pass value is over $50)
- If Seller Support has not replied within 3 business days, please escalate the issue to the Lead on Duty.

© If the customer rebooked - you can go ahead with a refund; however, the issue should still be escalated to Seller Support

AUCNUANC KETUSeU VUSLOMEr

Sometimes when a customer gets to the location they booked, an attendant on site may refuse to let them park for a few different

reasons. They may refuse to honor one of our passes, claim that they have no idea what Parkwhiz is, or the customer's vehicle may be
too big to fit.
These are just a few examples of when an attendant on-site may refuse one of our customers, though keep in mind there may be other
reasons as well.

When an attendant refuses to honor a Parkwhiz pass or says that the location does not work with Parkwhiz, send a ticket to the
Digital Solutions Support - Seller Support at digitalsupport@parkwhiz.com so they can reach out to the seller to confirm.
If the customer claims that an attendant was very rude or abusive to them as well, then you would also want to escalate the behavior

part to the appropriate POC or NYC tean, if the situation warrants it.
Before issuing a refund as Attendant Refused, please do the following steps:
- Make sure that the customer is at the correct location by utilizing the How To Find It Section of their parking pass as well as Google
Maps.

» Check the bookings at the location for that day and see if there are other passes that have been refunded/canceled due to the
attendant refusing to take the pass.
- Try to call the location and speak with an attendant or manager to confirm if they are refusing the customer and if so, why.

- If you are unable to verify with the location, check if the customer rebooked a new pass or help them rebook a new pass while they
are on the phone with you. You can then refund the customer’s original parking pass.

@ If the customer says that they were refused due to an Oversize reason or because of the type of car they were driving, ask the
MAKE AND MODEL of their car. We can Google the vehicle and find out the height and length. Check to see if there are any
disclaimers for the location saying they do not take certain vehicles or if they have a height restriction. If they do and the

customer’s vehicle falls under the disclaimer, we cannot refund though we can offer an OTC credit.

Duplicate Passes

i Duplicate passes can be refunded even if it has been more than 14 days from the end date of the customer’s pass.
Note: The “Duplicate Booking” refund reason should be used solely for cases with a bug/system error. If it is a customer error,
please use “Confirmed Rebook” instead.
9 Jonalene Cunningham

12:07

pr

(iy
@ @here Hi everyone, me again &

&® From now on, the disposition/refund reason “Duplicate Booking” should be used solely for cases with a bug/system error. If it is a customer error, please use “Confirmed
Rebook”

‘wice, that is considered a customer error and should be refunded as a Confirmed Rebook.

4 Message from Jonalene Cunningham in #cx-announcements

Every now and then a customer ends up with more than one parking pass and they only need one. A customer may also call in because

they saw they were charged twice (or multiple times) and they want to find out why.
To resolve these we need to verify that there is more than one pass for the exact same location, time, date, and/or event. To be
considered a “duplicate,” the passes should also have been purchased within minutes of each other. If there is more than one pass
that has all the same details, then we have established that there is some sort of duplication.
Tue, Mar 26.

2024

723643272

723643203

Angel

Chapel

Powdr-Copper Mountain Ski Resort

Angel

Chapel

Powdr-Copper Mountain Ski Resort

Mar 27 2024 Daily Parking, Mar 27,2024 at

Rodriguez

Lot

(Colorado)

6:00am MDT

Rodriguez

Lot

(Colorado)

:

Event

Booking

7

$50.00

°

$ 0.00

Mar 27 2024 Daily Parking, Mar 27, 2024 at

6:00am MDT

Example of a possible duplicate booking - same location, same parking time-frame, same charge.

Booked On
Mar 26, 2024, 9:48pm MDT

Click to compare bookings

Booked On
Mar 26, 2024, 9:49pm MDT

Click to compare bookings

The next step is to determine whether the duplication is caused by tech/bug error or by user error. Based on this, the refund reason
used in admin will change, so that instances can be tracked more effectively.
Tech/Bug Error

[}

Refund Reason:

User Error

EJ}

Refund Reason:

Duplicate

Confirmed Rebook

e Customer describes a technical issue

+ Repeatedly pressing the purchase

° Received an error message

button

+ There is a known issue/bug

+ Forgetting they purchased a pass, so
they purchased again

Other things to check:

» Wrong email address

;
;
;
» Does the License Plate information

« Entered the wrong License Plate

match? Has it been changed?
¢ Under Tracking Data, does the Quote
on each booking match?
Tracking Data
User

{"email"=>"maddie82102@gmail.com”, "lastname"=>"Primo’", "firstname”=>"Madison"}
Zoom

pw:location,pw:event.pw:venue,pw:parking_pass,pw:vehicle,pw:session,pw:customer,pw:t
Fields

booking::default,booking:authorization_code,booking:pass_value,booking:cancellable_stat
Client

345b953fa95e60f7e787 1a7df4d21b786197a9c257b277e304198d3b6799909b
Platform

iOS App
juote

1f3c99dc-d8d3-482e-87cc-af47fa2e0c86

Quote Data

;

Disposition: Tech/Network Issue > Tech _ Disposition: Account Assistance >
error resulting in duplicates

Confirmed Rebook OR Customer error
> duplicate passes

© Ifthe bookings were not purchased within minutes of each other, they may be better suited under Confirmed Rebook. Ask
clarifying questions to understand how the “duplicate” was made - did they receive an error, use a bad email, etc.

Remember to check the dates on the passes. If they are both for upcoming events, then you can go ahead and refund one of them,
just please be sure to verify with the customer which pass you are refunding and which one will still be active so they can be sure to
use the correct one at their future event.

If the dates of the passes are for the same date and the customer is at the location already, then advise them to fill out the refund form
once they have exited since it can be hard to Know which of the two passes the customer may have used, and we do not want to risk
canceling the wrong one and then the customer will have trouble getting out after their event or have to pay on-site.

Paid Again
There are times when our customers may have to pay on-site at the garage for one reason or another. Most often, this happens when
there is an issue with their pass not scanning in or out, so they have to pay.

A Paid Again results in the customer paying again for the entire pass time-frame. It is not the same as paid additional (ie. early
arrival, late departure, missing early bird, oversize/supersize).
It may also happen because:

- They arrived prior to their start time or exited after their end time, so they had to pay for that extra time at the garage’s on-site rates.
- They may be charged an oversize fee on-site by the attendant.
- Sometimes we just don’t know for sure why they may be charged and have to pay again on-site.

When this happens, we want to apologize that they had to pay on-site and try to ask them some questions to see if we can find out why.

- What time did they arrive and/or what time did they leave?
- What is the make and model of their vehicle?
- Did an attendant tell them why they were being charged extra?

- Did they violate re-entry? (This applies to multi-day passes only)
- Did they follow the validation instructions on their parking pass?
- Did they get an error message when trying to scan their pass and took a ticket to enter?
- How much did they pay on-site?

Whether you were able to verify why they were charged again or not, we are no longer able to ask them for a receipt or screenshot of
the charge from a debit or credit card as proof of onsite payment. However, you should still ask how much they paid. We should also
ask them a few questions to clarify the situation before we refund so we can determine if they paid onsite at the same location they

booked or if they parked at the wrong location.
« Check that they parked at the correct location by going over the How to Find it section and reviewing the photos of the location on the
parking pass or on the location’s Admin page.

- Verify that they want to the correct address or if they saw anything that said which seller the location was managed/operated by.
« Make sure that they didn’t just pay additional onsite for arriving early/staying late, for an Oversize Fee, violating an Early Bird arrival.
If you determine that the customer parked at the location they booked but still ended up having to pay onsite, then take them at their

credit/debit card to verify.
If you determine that the customer parked at the wrong location and paid onsite, then we would treat this as an unused pass and do

an OTC credit if they are eligible. Be sure to check their credit history and if the amount of the OTC credit is under $50, add it to their
account. If it is over $50, reach out in the Vortex and get approval from the Lead on Duty.

© if they violated their time frame (Arrived early/stayed late/missed early bird) then we would NOT credit the difference, as it is
their own error. Follow procedure for Paid Again or possibly OTC credit, and/or consult a Lead if needed.

@ When adding an OTC credit to a customer’s account for a parking pass, be sure to Invalidate the parking pass as Other Invalidating Pass - OTC, and uncheck all the boxes. Then send out the OTC email to them through FD.

Cancellation Options
Refund reason

[Other

v

invalidating pass

© Notify the buyer via email
Notify the seller via email
Refund the credit card charge

Deduct the refund from seller's account
Mark as a chargeback(seller's fault)

¥

submit cancellation

cancel

How to invalidate a parking pass

If ever you are unsure if you can refund as paid again, consult with the Lead on Duty. They can work with you to help ask the right
questions and determineif it is a Paid Again situation or Parked at the Wrong Location issue.

Closed

There are times when customers will get to the garage that they booked but they are legitimately closed or circumstances happen that

are beyond anyone’s control and the customer is unable to park.
Some of the reasons that we would be able to refund a customer as Closed are:

- The location is legitimately closed. You can verity this by asking the customer why they think the garage is closed. This would usually

be due to the gate being down, doors closed, lights off, no attendant around, etc

- Car elevator/lift is broken and the attendant on site is turning customers away.
- Location is flooded, filled with snow, etc and the location is unable to accept customers.
- Location cannot take customers because their payment system or internet may be down.

Before refunding as Closed, please do the following steps:
- Call the location to verify if they are closed or if there is an issue preventing the customer from parking such as those listed above.
- If the customer says the location is closed, please ask them to send a picture of the Closed sign or any other indications that show it
is closed if they are still there and able to do so safely.
- Check the passes from that date at the location to see if any other passes were refunded for the same reason.
- Confirm that they are at the correct location.
« Check if the customer rebooked a new pass through Parkwhiz or if you are able to help them rebook.

If you were unable to confirm with the location, there are no other passes cancelled and the customer can’t safely send a photo, then you

can go ahead and refund the pass as closed if it is under $50. If it is over $50, reach out for approval in the Vortex and let the lead know
which steps you have done.

In any of these cases, once you have taken care of the customer, please be sure to send a ticket to Digital Solutions Support - Seller
Support at digitalsupport@parkwhiz.com via Freshdesk, so they can reach out to the seller and verify the situation and see if the
location needs to be paused or blacked out so customers can’t book.

Accessibility
There will be times when a customer is unable to access a location due to no fault of their own, the seller’s or Parkwhiz simply because
there is no way to access the garage.
Some reasons that a customer may be unable to get to the garage to park are:
- The road going to the garage or in front of the garage is closed for some reason, such as construction.
- The road is blocked off by police due to a parade or event that is going on or will be happening later that day.
- A location has an on-site emergency and they are unable to be accessed.

Before Refunding as an Accessibility issue, please do the following:
- Ask them to confirm which street is closed/blocked off and the reason such as construction, police have it blocked, an event is going
on.

- Use Google Maps to see if you can help them get to the garage via an alternative route

- See if you can confirm the closed streets on Waze Live Map or Google Maps.
- Check the parking pass to see if the garage has a second entrance that the customer can use to enter and park.

- Try to call the garage to see if you can confirm the accessibility issue.
- Check the passes for that date at the location to see if there were any others cancelled due to the same accessibility issue.
- Check to see if the customer rebooked a new pass through Parkwhiz or help them rebook one.

If you are unable to confirm road closures or any accessibility issue with the above steps, you can refund the pass as an Accessibility

Issue if it is under $50. If it is over $50, reach out in the Vortex for approval and let the lead know which steps you have taken to verify.
Also, please be sure to send a ticket to Digital Solutions Support - Seller Support at digitalsupport@parkwhiz.com via Freshdesk to
alert them to the issue so they can reach out to the location to see if they need to pause or black them out while the issue is going on.

Confirmed Rebook
We often get customers calling in that want to make changes to their parking pass for various reasons, such as...
- Booked the wrong time frame or location
« They would like to change their start time to an earlier one.


