e They booked the wrong date.

Since we are unable to make changes to a pass once it is booked, the only solution is to have them rebook for the new time, date, or
location they want.
Sometimes they call in prior to the start time of their pass and we can simply cancel it as Pre-Arrival once they have rebooked. If the
parking pass has already started, we can refund only if they have rebooked with the same Seller. If we cannot do a legitimate confirmed

rebook, we may be able to offer a credit based on their credit history.
If the customer has not rebooked yet, we can attempt to assist the customer in doing this by checking if the location has availability for
the new time or dates the customer would like.

If they do, either you can rebook for them (IF the payment method is already saved to the account), or they can book on their own.
Once you have confirmed that they did rebook for the same location or at a different location that is operated by the same seller as the
one originally booked, then you can refund the original parking pass as a Confirmed Rebook.

© We do not use “Pending Rebook.” Customer MUST complete a new booking prior to refunding original pass.

@ Reminder: For internal tracking purposes, “duplicate” passes caused by user error will be refunded under the Confirmed Rebook
reason in admin. See the Duplicate Passes section for more details.

ParkWhiz Cancellation/Seller Cancellation
There will be cases where a seller will reach out to Parkwhiz and ask us to cancel bookings made at their location/s because they are
unable to accommodate them due to a change in operating hours, special events or there was an issue with the price offered for
passes on the Parkwhiz website and/or app.
This is the one Refund reason that CX agents will never end up using because it will be the seller reaching out to Parkwhiz about

canceling bookings and not a customer. When this happens, customers are sent an email about the cancellation, but they may call in to
find out more about why their pass was canceled.

0 If you are trying to find out more about a Seller Cancellation, reach out to the Lead on Duty and we can escalate or try to get in
touch with the agent that canceled the pass to see if we can find out more information for you to tell the customer.

Customers likely will be upset about Seller Cancellations so do your best to be empathetic while letting the customer know
that it is beyond Parkwhiz’s control since we are a third party listing service for the locations and do not own or run them. If a

seller contacts us and asks us to cancel/refund or rebook customers, then we have no choice but to do as they ask.
There are a few ways to tell if a pass was canceled at the request of the seller. In the screenshot below, you can see that it was

canceled by Xel and the reason stated is “This booking was canceled at the request of the seller because it could not be
accommodated”.

Invalidated on:
May 17, 2022, 12:31pm PDT (before booking began)
Invalidated by:

Xel Sugue (#2263492)
Reason:

This booking was canceled at the request of the seller because it could not
be accommodated.
Pass cancelled at seller request

Disclaimers
Some parking passes will have disclaimers on them for various things that a customer needs to be aware of both when booking and
when getting to the garage. Some examples of disclaimers you will see on a parking pass are:
« Vehicle drop off and pick up times

- Vehicle size restrictions, such as maximum height.

- On-site oversize fees.
- Location unable to take certain types of cars such as Teslas.

In cases where there is a disclaimer on the pass and on the location information on the website when booking, and a customer
violated this disclaimer, then they are_not eligible for a refund since they did not follow the instructions on their pass.
The reason for this is because it would not be fair of us to penalize the location for a customer's error. While we cannot refund them,
we can give them a one time courtesy credit and help to educate and empower the customer on the disclaimers so that they are aware
of them going forward when they book a pass next time.
You may need to doa

little detective work with the customer to verify if they violated a disclaimer. Be sure to check the pass carefully

for any disclaimers and depending on the issue, you will want to ask a few clarifying questions to determine if they violated a
disclaimer or not.
- Ask them the make and model of their vehicle to see if it is considered an oversized vehicle or if it is larger than the maximum height

restrictions. You may need to Google the type of vehicle in order to find the dimensions, then you can determine if it is bigger than
the maximum height allowance or considered an oversized car.

@ An oversized vehicle is one that is at least 180 inches (15'1") long and/or 70 inches (5'10") high. Any vehicle that meets or
exceeds these dimensions is subject to the oversized vehicle charge. If the charge isn't included in the booking price, then
this fee is assessed and paid onsite.
Please refer to the What is an Oversize Vehicle? page of the Parkwhiz Knowledge Base for more information on Oversize and

Supersize Vehicles. You can also provide the customer with this link over the phone or via email.
» Ask them what time they arrived and/or left the garage. You want to verify that they were within the time frame not only of their
parking pass but also within the garage’s operating hours for pick-up times. Some locations offer overnight parking but theyare

not open 24/7 so they will have a disclaimer stating that vehicles must be picked up between certain hours during the week or
weekend.

- If a disclaimer discloses details such as height requirements, operating hours, etc that were simply overlooked, a one time courtesy
credit is all we can do. The seller shouldn't be punished for something that is clearly indicated on the pass or in the location

description before booking. If you are in doubt or the customer pushes back on the credit, please consult the Lead on duty.
Below you will see a couple of screenshots that show examples of disclaimers that you will see on several different locations.

Max Vehicle Height: 6'8"
Max Vehicle Height Disclaimer found on a parking pass or location’s Admin

Parking disclaimers

If parking overnight, you must drop off and pick up your vehicle within the following hours:
Mon-Sun 6AM-12AM.
This garage can't accept supersize vehicles.

Customers must bring the physical key of their Tesla vehicle to be accommodated in this
location.

Disclaimers on location hours/unable to accommodate supersize vehicles/Tesla requirements

Tolerance Refunds

© Tolerance refunds should only be used as a last resort. Agents should NOT process tolerance refunds on their own, and
instead should relay the situation to a Lead first.
What constitutes a reason to do a tolerance refund?

- Customer is a first-time user and is unfamiliar with our policies

o These should still be handled according to the procedures outlined in this guide and/or offering OTC credit FIRST
- Customer is refusing credit, being combative, etc.
o Again, please reach out to a Lead first

- Customer encountered an unavoidable system issue
e These issues usually have special handling instructions and should still be done by a Lead
Pre-arrival requests that were backlogged and not worked on until post-start

Multi-Day Partial Refunds
Sometimes a customer encounters an issue on-site when attempting to park, fails to notice that a location does not allow re-entry, the reentry amenity is promised but fails, or they leave early with time remaining on the pass. Provided that they have contacted us

immediately, we may be able to issue a partial refund.

© . Partial Refunds should only be done by a Lead and should not be promised without consulting one.
o Partial refunds cannot be issued to Canadian customers; however, a coupon can be issued if needed.

-

Acustomer must have already left the location for any consideration of a partial refund. If they have not left, they need to
contact us after doing so (go.parkwhiz.com/refund or email help@parkwhiz.com). Do not advise them to leave early in order to
gain one.

vy What if the customer contacts us after the pass has ended?

As of September 2024, we are no longer able to request receipts. It’s vital to ask questions and gather information to determine what
happened and to ensure that we are being as accurate as possible without this information. If a customer reaches out after the pass

has ended or claims they left earlier than the date of contact, we should do the following:
- Confirm that they went to the correct location
- Attempt to verify issues via similar reports

0 Some issues can be escalated to DSS (ex. location refused pass because it was overnight)
- If they violated re-entry:

o Was re-entry allowed? If it was, this should be escalated to DSImp (Implementations)
e Was an attendant at all able to assist them? Did they speak to one?

«= Sometimes, attendants will buzz people in and out. We want to determine at what point they were no longer able to use the
pass.

o Did they have to pay on-site?

» If so, please ask how much they paid (similar to handling paid again/extra cases)
- If they were able to park, confirm actual entry and exit times using the pass

!! City Parking will typically not allow partial refunds that are due to violating re-entry (re-entry is not allowed and the pass would

likely have been redeemed).
!! Special handling always supersedes - if a location requires approval, this is still required
Once we have gathered all necessary details, we can process according to the customer's word.

OA pass is considered “multi-day” ONLY if it is billing for over 24 hours.

from Mar 24, 2024, 2:00pm

fe] CDT

to Mar 28, 2024, 2:00pm CDT

Example of a multi-day pass

from Mar 25, 2024, 9:30am
= EDT

to Mar 26, 2024, 12:00am
EDT

Example of a pass that lapses 2
days, but is NOT over 24 hours

© We can only process a partial refund if we are the MOR (Merchant of Record). We cannot process partial refunds for partner
bookings such as Groupon. In these cases, they will need to contact the partner/site purchased from.

a Regardless of how soon a customer left after parking, we must always charge for the first 24 hours + buyer fee.

What documentation is required?

© Ifthe pass was purchased through Groupon, they will need to contact Groupon for assistance. We can NOT partially refund
these.

On-site issues (oversold, attendant refused, etc) should be documented using the same procedures outlined in this guide. If they
rebooked or there are other passes cancelled for the same reason, etc. reach out to a Lead to process.

If the customer parked but left with time remaining (violated re-entry, left early, etc) we must do the following:
- Confirm they have already left the location - the pass will be cancelled and if they have not left, this will cause an issue for them.
'Y If Yes, collect more specific information {arrival date/time and exit date/time) and forward to a Lead
vy What if the customer has not left the location?

If they have not left, please advise them to contact us once they have actually exited for review (do not promise any refund). We
do not process anything based on a customer saying when they will exit.
vy What about flight cancellations?

Groupon customers need to be referred to Groupon. In all other cases, follow the steps noted above and process accordingly. We are
no longer asking for proof of cancellation, receipts for parking elsewhere, etc. Reach out to a Lead with any questions.

What about On Demand Sessions?

- If it is a normal on-demand session, we may be able to process partial refunds. Escalate to a Lead first.
- If the pass becomes multi-day by using the extend option - extend is non-refundable in general.
o We may be able to offer a credit after following the procedures outlined above. In some rare cases, a partial refund may be
possible; however, this would need approval.

What about cruise parking?

For cancellation of multi-day passes for any CRUISE parking, please direct the customer to the location for assistance. We can advise
that contacting the location directly typically speeds up the process, as it allows the complaint to be communicated directly with the

operator, who can then reach out to us with approval. You can provide the phone number in admin (DO NOT provide the POC’s email or
phone number). You can also Google search the location to see if they have a contact form or email address.

A Please make it clear that refund requests must be handled by the location directly.

Monthly Parking Refunds
Some locations have monthly parking through Parkwhiz. Usually customer’s purchase the first month through us and then any
subsequent months are paid through the garage they booked. There are some exceptions to this. When it comes to refunds for
monthly parking, it is handled a

little differently as compared to daily or event parking.

Monthly passes can be cancelled as Pre-Arrival as long as the customer reaches out on the start date of the pass or before. Agents

may cancel a monthly pass as Pre-Arrival (As long as its not after the start date) no matter the amount but if you do not feel
comfortable doing it since some monthly passes can be several hundred dollars, reach out to the Lead on Duty and they can help you
with this.

Monthly pass that can be cancelled as Pre-Arrival

For all monthly passes where customers call looking for a refund and it is after the state date of the pass, then we have to escalate this
and get approval for the refund first.
- For all monthly passes in New York, email nyc@parkwhiz.com for approval to refund a monthly pass after the start date. Please
copy Hilda using hgutierrez@flashparking.com if needed for follow up.

- For all other monthly passes, email the Point of Contact (POC) at the email listed on Admin for approval to refund a monthly pass
after the start date.
e For SOMA Hub-255 Garage please email nicholas.paasch@propark.com, jay-li.poon@propark.com,
gabriel.iniguezlink@propark.com per the admin note.

O If you have emailed for approval to refund a monthly pass but have not heard back after 3-5 business days, please escalate to
a Lead so that we can attempt to follow up and/or escalate to Management for how to proceed.

Example of a Point of Contact (POC) Admin page with contact info

Season Package Parking
Season Package parking are when a customer purchases parking for the either the half season or full season of a sports team’s
home games. We work with several venues and teams to offer these packages for baseball, hockey, football, basketball, and soccer.
We even have a few venues that offer season packages for Broadway shows.

© Season Package Parking are NON-REFUNDABLE. Customers are made aware of this upon purchase. There may be some
exceptions made, but that would be done on a case by case basis and would need approval from Management or the

Venue/Team possibly.

© @ REFUNDING PASSES DIRECTLY THROUGH ADMIN CAN CAUSE THE ENTIRE PACKAGE TO BE REFUNDED. FOLLOW THE
PROCESS HERE @ Season Package Parking

© Individual passes in a Season Package can be refunded for any of the valid refund reasons, such as Oversold, Accessibility,
Paid Again, as long as the claim is legitimate.

EXCEPTION: WE CAN’T CANCEL/REFUND INDIVIDUAL PASSES IN A SEASON PACKAGE AS PRE-ARRIVAL UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES.

—
A quick heads up

GOTIT

¥

| want this space

Pop-up customers see when purchasing a Season Package

Refunding Duplicate Season Packages

One exception to refunding Season Packages is when a customer purchases a duplicate package. We can refund one of the packages
but there are a couple of things to keep in mind when doing so.
- Each pass in the duplicate season package will have to refunded individually. We can’t simply refund the whole package. If you
have a customer call in about a duplicate season package, please reach out to the Lead on Duty before refunding any part of the
duplicate season package.
- Each season package has their own Transaction ID number and Package Purchase number. When refunding a duplicate season
package, you have to make sure that you canceling all the passes in the same package.

© @ REFUNDING PASSES DIRECTLY THROUGH ADMIN CAN CAUSE THE ENTIRE PACKAGE TO BE REFUNDED. FOLLOW THE
PROCESS HERE OR REACH OUT TO ALEAD: @ Season Package Parking

Payment Info
Payment type
Dn

mit

Cee

clit (ool

Sale Transaction ID
cmbf48wv

Additional Info
Purchase Vector
Site
Partner Name

ParkWhiz
Partner Booking ID
Associated Venue
Fenway Park
Booked On
Mar 27, 2018, 6:16pm EDT

Package Purchase
1546
Examples of a Season Package

Transaction ID/Package
Purchase ID numbers

Locations/Sellers with Special Handling for Refunds
There are several sellers/locations that have special ways they have asked ParkWhiz to handle refund requests. These special
requirements can be found listed on the Location’s Admin page and/or there will be a restriction set up in Admin that shows as a Red
Refund Restriction when an agent tries to cancel a parking pass.

Viamona rarKking

Diamond Parking has their own procedure for handling refunds that they have asked Parkwhiz to use, so in order for a customer to get a

refund, we have to go through a few different steps, and we have to get their approval for all refunds.

© EXCEPTION: We can refund duplicate Diamond Parking passes without having to get approval first from Diamond Parking.
Only Leads or higher can cancel/refund these in Admin.

NOTE: Duplicate Diamond Parking Pass need to still be entered on the Diamond Parking Refund Request Sheet under the
Refunded Duplicates tab at the bottom.
In order to get the refund process going for Diamond Parking locations, there are a few steps we need to take as agents.
- Enter the refund request on to the Diamond Parking Refund Request Sheet and these will be reviewed by Diamond Parking every
Monday. They will either approve or deny the refunds, and it typically takes 5 business days for this, so please be sure to let the
customer know that If their refund is approved, they should see it back on their original payment method in 7-10 business days.

- Keep an eye on your refunds on the sheet and you can see if they were approved or denied for refund by Diamond. As a rule, if they
were approved, then they will be refunded and taken care of so you don’t have to do anything. If they were denied, then check in

Freshdesk to see if the customer was emailed with an update. If you don’t see one, please email the customer and let them know
that their refund request was denied by Diamond Parking by using the canned response #Diamond-Denied-Refund and be sure to
let the customer know why Diamond denied their refund request. You can also provide the location’s phone number in case the
customer wishes to speak to someone there about it.

8 #Diamond-Denied-Refund
© Ungated B2C

Thank you for your patience while we reviewed your request!

Unfortunately, your refund request has been denied by the parking
operator due to {INSERT DENIAL REASON FROM DIAMOND HERE.
OFFER CREDIT IF NECESSARY}.

Have a great day!

#Diamond-Denied-Refund Canned Response in Freshdesk

- If

arefund has not been approved or denied by Diamond Parking after 5 business days, please reach out to Xave via email through

Freshdesk and let him know the details of the refund request and he can reach out to Diamond Parking for an update.

Cruise Parking - Various Locations
For cancellation of multi-day passes for any CRUISE parking, please direct the customer to the location for assistance. We can advise
that contacting the location directly typically speeds up the process, as it allows the complaint to be communicated directly with the

operator, who can then reach out to us with approval. You can provide the phone number in admin (DO NOT provide the POC’s email or
phone number). You can also Google search the location to see if they have a contact form or email address.

4 Please make it clear that refund requests must be handled by the location directly.

Parking Management - Sellers Admin Link - locations
-Do not refund bookings that have already started without seller approval. To request approval for refunds, send an email to nyc@arrive.com - date, kx id, guideline is added
based on recommendation of Kguevara (cx lead).

Special Refund Restrictions for Parking Management locations

For all locations managed by Parking Management, we need to get approval before we can do refunds for any pass that has already
started. Email the NYC team at nyc@parkwhiz.com via Freshdesk to request refund approval for all post-start refunds. We do not need
approval to refund Pre-Arrival. Please copy Hilda using hgutierrez@flashparking.com if needed for follow up.

79 Lafayewue ot. LOL - Seiler AQMIN LINK

FOR CX:

Do not refund any reservations unless it is approved by the seller - Hilda 4/3/2024

For all refunds, both pre-arrival and post-start, please email the POC Jose Lopez via a new ticket on Freshdesk.

donpeperestaurant@verizon.net

Gale Force Sports & Entertainment (PNC Arena) - Seller Admin Link - Locations
FOR CX: Reach out to robs@pncarena.com for approval of the following | FD: 222762 (2024.4.09)
« REFUND (pass invalidation AFTER the booking start time)
e@ PRE-ARRIVAL Cancellation of less than 24 hours BEFORE booking start time

NOTE: No need to reach out for approval for pre-arrival booking cancellation if cancelled 24 hours or more before the event day.

For all refunds, both pre-arrival and post-start, please reach out to Rob Seltzer via a new ticket in Freshdesk robs@pncarena.com

Shamrock Parking, LLC (Seattle, Wa) - Seller Admin Link - Locations
FOR CX: 2024.2.11 — All refunds should be approved by the seller first. Only refund duplicate payments. | FD: 158319

For all refunds, pre-arrival and post-start, please reach out to the POC, Brian via a new ticket in Freshdesk shamrockparking@yahoo.com
Duplicate passes can be refunded without seller approval.

Park-Rite - Seller Admin Link - Locations

FOR CX: 2023.12.01 — All refund request should be sent to miguel@parkriteinc.com | FD ticket: 74806

For all refunds, pre-arrival and post-start, please email the POC, Miguel Nouhan via a new ticket in Freshdesk miguel@parkriteinc.com

*For refund requests at 3110 Cass Ave and 3117 Woodward, email Mo at mo@parkriteinc.com instead

UBS Arena (OVG) - Seller Admin Link - Locations
IMPORTANT: All POST-ARRIVAL refund requests must be submitted to UBS Arena / the NY Islanders for review
/ approval prior to processing:
If the booking is for a NY Islanders (hockey) game, please submit to: chri

yorkislanders.com and

David.Koblentz@newyorkislanders.com
If the booking is for a non-NY Islanders event, please submit to: David.Sampson@ubsarena.com, Laura.McLaughlin@ubsarena.com,

Richard.Gr

.com, Giovanny.L

ena.com

For PRE-ARRIVAL refund requests (that are made before or after the cancellation cutoff), we may process these on our own / without having to
contact the partner for approval. If the customer needs to re-book, let's direct them to the UBS Arena website, NY Islanders website or
ParkWhiz.com to do so.

For all post-start refunds, please email the appropriate POC for refund approval via a new ticket in Freshdesk. Pre-arrival refunds we can
do without seller approval.

For NY Islanders Hockey Games: email Christopher Zabady and David Koblentz. christopher.zabady@newyorkislanders.com and
David.Koblentz@newyorkislanders.com
For all other event passes: email David Sampson, Laura McLaughlin, Richard Granato and Giovanny Leon.

Giovanny.Leon@ubsarena.com

LAM Parking - Seller Admin Link - Locations

FOR CX:

Please note that no refunds can be processed till the operator approves the refund. Jose B - 2022.08.29: KX Ref:

630d4d002976630c08a57a78

For all refunds, both pre-arrival and post-start, please email the POC, Arthur Gallagher, via a new ticket in Freshdesk

Tampa Sports Authority - Seller Admin Link - Locations
Pre-arrival refunds are always approved as long as it is before the cancellation cutoff of midnight and an approval email does not need
to be sent.

If it is past midnight or for post-start requests, escalate to a Lead for special handling.

A Leads: Please secure all information listed in the canned response, including if the pass was scanned using this Look: 19825. Use
the new canned response: #TSA-refund-requests whenever we need to seek approval from Tampa Sports Authority (TSA) to

agreenfeld@tampasportsauthority.com

PLEASE NOTE: This seller has a FIRM NO REFUND POLICY and thus we should not process any refunds (their policy is stated in the Location Description and Parking Disclaimers fields). This
applies to refund requests that are made after the cancellation cutoff (midnight day-of-event) / before arrival - and after arrival (post parking start time).
(CX Leads: Check Looker and handle escalation by submitting all refund requests to Brandon Flynn (bfly
(agr

portsauthority.com) and Ashley Greenfeld

jpasportsauthority.com) so that TSA may take care of these customers in other ways.

Pre-arrival refunds are always approved as long as it is before the cancellation cutoff of midnight and an approval email does not need to be sent. FD 338917 (06.28.2024)

Acrisure Arena - Seller Admin Link - Locations

© As of 07/25/24, Per Kara and Nikki, we NO LONGER need to get approval for refunds for passes at Acrisure Arena. This
pertains to both Pre-Arrival and Post-Start issues.
We can handle these passes without having to email the POC for approval. Please be sure to verify issues and direct them to
the online refund form where appropriate.

Keefe Co. Parking - Seller Admin Link - Locations
2023.04.10. For Cx: Seller asked to be notified of any refund request. Kx ref:6434386d913d249b873ea5c6

For all refund requests, both pre-arrival and post-start, please email the POC, Bertin Dakouo through Freshdesk via a new ticket.

Hillsborough County Tournament Sportsplex - Seller Admin Link - Locations
PLEASE NOTE: This seller has a FIRM NO REFUND POLICY and thus we should not process any refunds (their policy is stated in the Location
Description and Parking Disclaimers fields).
That said, please submit all refund requests to Stephen Reed (sreed@tampasportsauthority.com) and Nathan Hasty
(nhasty

tsauthority.com) so that TSA may take care of these customers in other ways if they so choose.

For all refund requests, both pre-arrival and post-start, please email the POC, Stephen Reed and Nathan Hasty. This seller as a firm NO

City Parking - Seller Admin Link - Locations
IMPORTANT FOR Cx:

© 03.19.2024 (Per Lana: Please DO NOT send me emails if the customer was not paying for our garage. Please send me only if the customer paid you
for the reservation and also paid in our garage. In this case, you should not return to them payment for the reservation till they send you confirmation

that they not going to dispute with City Parking.| FD: 201061 & 196659) NO need for approval for oversold, accessibility, closed, etc.
¢ Reach out to Lana lana@cityparking.nyc for approval BEFORE processing any REFUNDS (aka cancellations after booking start time) ONLY IF the

customer paid twice to City Parking and Parkwhiz. | FD: 186485 (2024.3.12)
¢ If

acustomer asks for a refund from Parkwhiz, they must confirm in writing that they will NOT dispute the payment made onsite (City Parking),

send a copy of this confirmation to Lana. | FD: 196904 (2024.3.15)

For all City Parking locations, we only need to get approval for Paid Again refunds. The customer must provide written confirmation that
they will NOT dispute the payment made on site at any City Parking location. We can send them the canned response #City-ParkingDispute through Freshdesk and once they have replied, email Lana with a copy of the confirmation and the information on the parking
pass.

lana@cityparking.nyc

Since we no longer can ask customers for receipts/screenshots of charges for paid again refunds, this means that when

reaching out to Lana for approval for Paid Again refunds, you only need to have the customer send in written confirmation that
they will NOT dispute the onsite payment made at the City Parking location.

If Lana (or any other sellers) still ask that we get a receipt from the customer, per Nona, You can tell them that “Our legal team
has required us to stop asking customers for receipts." and if they still insist on one after you've told them this, then please
escalate the issue to the Lead on Duty so we can let Nona know.

Olympia Development Parking - Seller Admin Link - Locations
CX: All passes must be canceled 3 hours before booking start time as this location has a 3 hour cancellation restriction. FD 347875. -MD 7/8/24

Lot A-

All Olympia Development locations have a 3 hour cancellation cut-off (restriction). The restriction shows prior to purchase and on the
parking pass - “Limited Cancellation: Cancel this booking for free up to 3 hours before start time.” This keeps the user from being able to
cancel on their own. While CX/DSCS may still see the pre-arrival option within admin, we should still follow the restriction.

A. For example, if the pass begins at 10am, then between 7am-9:59am there is a cancellation restriction. Any contact/requests are no
longer considered “pre-arrival” if they are received within the restriction window. Instead, we can educate the customer, invalidate

the pass and offer OTC credit (where applicable).

Refund requests post-start and/or for issues on-site can be handled according to standard policy without further approvals (FD 367273).
FYI for Leads/Supervisors- if it’s necessary to contact, please reach out to the below recipients (FD 371526)
Corporate.parking@olympiaparking.com
Bambassema.badjo@olympiaparking.com

Jordon.rose@olympiaparking.com
Ajawon.williams@olympiaparking.com

SOMA Hub-255 Garage (Monthly Passes Only)
For refund or cancellation of monthly passes for SOMA Hub-255 Garage please email nicholas.paasch@propark.com, jaylLpoon@propark.com, gabriel.iniguezlink@propark.com per the admin note.

On-Demand Bookings
On-demand sessions differ from Reservations in that the customer should be physically on-site and it begins immediately. On-demand
refers to the following types of tickets/bookings: STP, DTC, OSL, BLE. In most cases, on-demand sessions cannot be initiated without

being physically on-site (Park then Pay is an exception where session can be initiated in app; however, they should be on-site when
doing this).

200 N. Main Ave.
RK 3 min walk - Main St. Lot

Type:

Book now

On Demand Ticket #527 15029

231 E. Nueva St.

$22.00 |

& 6 min walk + Jack White Lot

save

Park then pay

$20.00

Enjoy flexible start and end times

Pay onsite

.

$12.95

Look for the QR payment sign

admin
‘Park then pay’ allows user to

ee 09222189

initiate session within the app

Shows in-app as Scan QR - customer must
physically scan the QR code signage on-site

Open ticket in admin

4. There are two situations with On Demand passes where we WOULD NOT/SHOULD NOT credit the customer or if we do, it

would be minimal credit, such as $5. (In cases such as this, reach out to a Lead for help on how best to proceed)

1. If a customer calls in because they did an On Demand Pass that is several hours (such as an 8 hour pass and this was the
lowest rate tier available at the location) but they say they only parked for a portion of the time (e.g. 15 minutes) and want a
credit for the “unused time.”

2. If a customer calls in because they did an On Demand Pass and were able to park but when they got to the

location/attraction they were going to and found out it was closed. If they call in asking for a credit due to this, we wouldn't do
so since they were able to park.
Since on-demand sessions are initiated on-site, in general, they are non-refundable. The exceptions to this would possibly be
Duplicate, Multi-day and Paid Again — follow the procedure outlined in those sections. If any other reasons come up, please escalate to
a Lead.

Extend / Multi-day with Extend

Extend rates are considered non-refundable given that they are user initiated. This includes passes that are multi-day with—-or due tothe customer extending the pass. We should NOT process a refund; though, we may possibly offer credit. Escalate to a Lead first for

review and/or for any possible exceptions.

Base
ase Price:
Pric

$20.00

+24 Hour Extension:

$40.00

j

+24 Hour Extension: $40.00
Buyer Fee:

$10.50

Total Price:

$110.50

Customer Paid:

$110.50

i

Time Extensions

Extended on Mar 15, 2024,

4:14pm CDT

From Mar 15, 2024, 10:37pm CDT to Mar 16, 2024, 10:37pm CDT

Duplicate

At times and for various reasons, it’s possible for on-demand sessions to be duplicated. If we can confirm that this happened, we are

able to refund the customer. Follow any Special Handling instructions as needed (ex. Diamond Parking). If there are any questions or
doubts, consult a Lead.

A Be sure to ask whether the customer encountered an error message
- If the customer encountered an error message, be sure to use the following disposition: Tech/Network Issues — Tech error
resulting in duplicate passes
o Use the Duplicate refund reason

To help determine whether the booking is duplicated, follow these steps:
- Follow the procedure outlined in Duplicate Passes

- Double check that the License Plate information is the same for all passes in question

Details

Bookings

Tickets

Credits

Phone Numbers

Vehicles

Vehicles
ID

Default?

Plate

14529555

false

8TMC800

State

Label

Created At

Updated At

8TMC800

2024-03-06 20:07:59 -0500

2024-03-06 20:07:59 -0500

24369591

Plate Number
8TMC800

-2ch

Hist

& ryan@everywherebeer.com

Istory = « changes

License #8TMC800
Changed by on Mar 6, 2024, 5:08pm PST
To:

updated_at

vehicle id

2024-03-07T01:08:51.733Z

2024-03-07T01:08:51.827Z

14529555

Another tip to determine if a pass
is a duplicate of another is to use

Sale TransactionID

the Find tool in your browser to

Additional Info

compare the Quote IDs on the

prerchase Vecior

bookings. If they match, the

Partner Name

passes are likely duplicates of

oases
wa, 5:089m PST

each other.

Tracking Data

NM3K4TCMX6DPV832

API v3

User

{"email"=>"ryan@everywherebeer.com”, "lastname”=>nil, "firstname"=>nil}
Zoom

pw:add_ons,pw:location,pw:receipt,pw:seller
Fields
booking:authorization_code,booking::default,booking:cancellable_status,location

Quote

88beb931-10ac-4851-b079-c7f46b2ba37d

If everything checks out, the duplicate passes can be refunded (or escalate to a Lead if the location has special handling). Based on the
customer's description and our findings, use the Duplicate refund reason for tech errors and Confirmed Rebook if it’s user error.

Paid Again

In general, users that have on-demand sessions shouldn't have to pay again on-site; however, there may be a few exceptions. Consult
a Lead with any questions.
-

Ifacustomer has a DTC ticket that is open and they are not able to complete payment in the app, they may be required to pay

again on-site. If so, follow procedure for Paid Again situations (ask for the amount of the charge)
- If the customer has a DTC ticket and has overstayed the grace period, they may need to pay again on-site. Follow procedure to
determine whether payment is actually for the entire time-frame or an additional fee - consult a Lead if needed.

Cheaper On-Site/Rate Questions

In general, the rates for on-demand are maintained by the seller themselves and should be in line with the on-site rates at the
location. If a customer has a question about the rate billed, claims that it is incorrect, etc. we can refer to them to the location for

further inquiry. If needed, reach out to a Lead to see if the Seller can/should be contacted.
If the customer has proof of the discrepancy, we may be able to investigate further on a case by case basis.

Special Cases / Exceptions

There may be exceptions other than what is covered here. For example, a rare issue with Express Pay would be that the customer’s

session does not close properly and causes them to be billed for multiple days—we should address/assist with this. Another

exception/special case would be when a customer has to book again because the LP was entered incorrectly (Confirmed Rebook).
Please be sure to evaluate the case and issue and/or reach out to a lead for guidance.

Special Situations
Scanner Issues

On-site scanner issues are not immediately refundable. If the customer pays on-site, we can evaluate from there. If a customer simply

leaves, this is typically non-refundable. Additionally, scanner issues should be escalated to Integrations (DSInt).
EV Refunds

Any requests for refund on EV charging sessions need to be escalated to EVC Escalations via Freshdesk for review and approval first.

Free parking: ~ ine attenaant giant sCan my pass SO parking Was actually Tree.”

Sometimes, especially with events, customers will report that the attendant didn't scan their pass, said they didn't need to see it, etc.
and therefore have the impression that parking is free or that payment wasn't required. In most cases, this is merely traffic control or

poor training/wording on-site. We should NOT credit these - if anything, we should escalate to Seller Support or reach out to the
POC directly for verification. If you have further questions, consult a Lead.

Validations - Malls or Restaurants and Other

Some users might report that a validation or discount on their parking session did not go through. Generally, validations should not be

done via the app - the customer should pay directly on-site to get the discount. However, if the customer has proof of their validation,
we may be able to assist further.

If the validation is through a separate QR code (for example, one provided by a restaurant after the customer has already parked) the
customer should be instructed to proceed with making the separate booking. If the customer has both on their account, we can proceed

as a Confirmed Rebook. If they have provided a photo of the QR code they were provided, escalate to a Lead for next steps.
Purchase Date

1D

Customer

Location

Seller

Sat, Aug 31, 2024

739369986

fusers/28410227

Foch Lot

Peak Parking

739369277

Ausers/28410227

Foch Lot

Peak Parking

Ticket

Type

Price

Paid

Transient Booking

$0.00

$0.00

Pkg?» Parking Time
5:30pm to 9:30pm
CDT on Sat, Aug 31, 2024

64787202

Example of refunding an original session where the customer has a validation through QR code

Another type may be a validation code that is set up by the seller on the Flash side. Since we do not have access to the Flash Portal, it’s
best to escalate these to the location POC to confirm validity and for approval. If we do not hear back from the POC, we may be able
to escalate these to Flash Support internally on a case by case basis - escalate to a Lead first.

8 In summary, if the customer has proof of their validation, escalate to a Lead to determine whether we can proceed immediately
or if we should contact the POC first. If they have no proof of their validation, we cannot assist further and should direct them
to the location instead.

EF
El Fenix

Parking registration

Q

successful!
© Start: 5-56 pm

= RSG3746

© Expiry: 7-56 pm

9

LOT 205

Confirmation
Number:

595194228

© These are situations that you may encounter when working and speaking with customers. If you have a situation that is not
mentioned in this guide, please reach out to the Lead of Duty for help on how to proceed. If there are any customer situations
that you have come across that are not included here, please reach out to Alexandra or Michelle via Slack and let us know the

details so that we can work on getting it added to the guide. Thank you for reading!


